hey guys send a boat here and today i'm
bringing you some more minecraft pocket
edition news and this is going to be the
future of pocket edition so basically
zero point 13 maybe zero point 14 maybe
there's 1.0 update for beta i don't
really know what the next step is going
to be most likely zero point 13 because
in this sweet darn geeks is there's not
going to be any new features 40 point 12
that are going to be like kind of
unannounced but they will start adding
new features in zero point 13 it'll be a
bunch of other mind-blowing features so
stay tuned so basically he kind of
alluded to the fact that they're not
going to the one point 0 update already
they're going to zero point 13 so in the
zero point 13 update he said there's
going to be mind-blowing features well 0
point 0 but it was mind-blowing enough
so what else can they really add well
they could add bosses like the wither
because we already have wither skeleton
skulls we already have whether skulls uh
we already have the wither you know
slope once only the soul sand nether
everything if everything we need to
create the wither so why not make the
weather so we could make the weather in
the zero point 13 update very plausible
also if they added the nether why can't
they add the end so we might be seeing
the end in 0 point 13 as well so there
might be end bosses ah there could be
new generated structures because we
haven't seen any of those in a while for
example I like the the ocean temples
from the pc 1.8 Update that would be
pretty cool we can have the Guardians we
could have so many new mobs there's so
many possibilities but one thing that we
can confirm is a redstone because once
one Twitter follower so named agra
gamers this is please add red stones
build 9 or other but please add red
stone and
Daniel responds saying I feel your pain
but don't worry redstone is in the works
we just want to do it right basically
redstone is in the works and a
mind-blowing feature or features will be
adds to the appointee nup date so
redstone quite possible also a very very
very long time ago johan had said but
they intended on adding redstone to an
update sometime in 2015 and it seems
like zero point 13 update could be that
update because well zero point 13 is
still expected to come out this year and
they said mind-blowing features so what
are mind-blowing features that really
could be added I could think of horses
the nether on up now that the end bosses
and redstone then maybe like command
blocks beacons or that kind of stuff but
really there isn't much else to be added
so I really don't know what else they
can add in the way of mind-blowing new
features unless there's something huge
from PC that I'm missing now I don't
expect anything from the pc 1.9 update
to enter population anytime soon because
that update is still in the works and
they would have to literally rework all
the pvp mechanics that they just modify
the zero-point phone so I could see
maybe the PC 1.9 features being in
Pocket Edition maybe next year or maybe
even the year after because that would
just take so long to rework and
everything so we have potions we have
hunger sprinting nether music and
chanting you know all the whole nine
yards there isn't much else for
developers to add so I'm banking on the
end with other bosses maybe temples
Guardians redstone and horses so um
another feature that darn geek or Daniel
Woodson huff had mentioned he wants to
add is sign editing Brasco boss from
twitter asks can you add sign editing
it's very annoying to have to destroy
the whole sign to fix a little typo
and darn geek response on our radio
we're thinking let me come back to this
topic in the future you make a valid
argument is actually sign editing mods
on PC and I believe there are the same
mods on Pocket Edition so they could
take inspiration from that in order to
create editable signs in which that
would be very nice because it is
extremely extremely annoying to fix the
slightest errors and signs so what'd you
guys think of all these new potential
features in Pocket be sure let me know
in the comments below also subscribe for
Pocket Edition videos such as news
survival games Let's Plays and more also
be sure to share this view on facebook
twitter and google+ to spread the words
about my videos thanks for watching as
always stay charged everyone and I'll
see you guys in the next video